## Search_Conserved_Bases.pl
Perl script for scanning the conserved bases in MAF file generated by CACTUS.
Before running the script, we need to use cactus-hal2maf to convert the hal file to maf file, and then divide the maf file to seperate files according to chromosomes. 
### step1 split the maf file
Because the Phylop limit the size of input files, we need to further split the maf files to sperate files  with a sequence length of 1M.
If the reference sequence is aligned to different regions of a species, we will retain only one sequence for each species.
### step2 calculate phylop
Run the Phylop on the seperated maf files.
### step3 count the depth and phylop score of bases
Calculate the phylop score for each base and how many species are aligned to this base in each block.
## Search_CNEs.pl
Perl script for scanning the conserved blocks based on the chainNet file generated by lastZ.
Firstly we used lastz to align the Alu to six vertebrates genome, repectively, and get the chainNet file, then use chainToAxt to covert chainNet file to axt file.
### Record the chromosome length infomation
To convert the coordinates of minus strand, we need to record the chromosome length of each species.
### Extract the block which length >20 and identity>60%, and convert the coordinates of minus strand
Extract the candidate conserved paired alignments between Alu and other vertebrates (length >20 and identity>60%), record the coordinates in bed file, noticed that the minus strand need to convert the coordinates.
### Intersect target candidates using bedtools
Intersect these candidates bed file one by one, find the conserved region between Alu and 6 vertebrates.
### Convert Al coordinates to Hs and make pair
Convert the Alu coordinates to the corresponding Hsa coordinates for further screening and annotating.
### Extract sequence from block pair, align again using muscle and the second round screening
Using bedtools to extract sequence based on Alu coordinates and corresponding Hsa coordinates, generated paired sequences and aligned using Muscle, then conducted a second round of screening (length >20 and identity>60%).
### Annotate the block pair and screen the results based on the annotation
After the second round of screening, annotating these candidates based on Alu and Hsa annotation, repectively, then counducted the third round of screening based on the annotation(same genetic region and relevant genes are homologous).

